README.md, before:

# Python Practice

I created this repository to share some of the projects I do while practicing and learning all Python capabilities.

## Hangman game

A game where a random word is chosen by the computer and the player tries to guess the word letter by letter. The player has X amount of tries (lifes) and if he can't guess the word within those X amount of tries he/she loses.

## Prime Checker

A simple script which will tell you if the entered number is a prime number or not.

## Caeser Cipher

A script to encode and decode messages, where the user can choose by how many characters in the alpahbet he/she wants to shift the given message by.
eg: abc -> encode by 3 -> def

## RPS (Rock, Paper, Scissor) game

Rock, Paper, Scissor game where the player can choose one out of the 3 options to play and the computer will randomly generate it's play.

## Days in a Month Script
Input a month from a certain year and tell get back how many days that month had.

## Calculator
Script to make simple calculations

## Blackjack game
Blackjack game

## BlackJack 1.0
Improved code for BlackJack game

Commit message:

Guess the number game added

README.md, after:

# Python Practice

I created this repository to share some of the projects I do while practicing and learning all Python capabilities.

## Hangman game

A game where a random word is chosen by the computer and the player tries to guess the word letter by letter. The player has X amount of tries (lifes) and if he can't guess the word within those X amount of tries he/she loses.

## Prime Checker

A simple script which will tell you if the entered number is a prime number or not.

## Caeser Cipher

A script to encode and decode messages, where the user can choose by how many characters in the alpahbet he/she wants to shift the given message by.
eg: abc -> encode by 3 -> def

## RPS (Rock, Paper, Scissor) game

Rock, Paper, Scissor game where the player can choose one out of the 3 options to play and the computer will randomly generate it's play.

## Days in a Month Script
Input a month from a certain year and tell get back how many days that month had.

## Calculator
Script to make simple calculations

## Blackjack game
Blackjack game

## BlackJack 1.0
Improved code for BlackJack game.

## Guess the Number Game
Game to find a random number between 1 and 100 within 5 or 10 tries depending on difficulty chosen.
